---
layout: post
date: 2014-04-07 21:22
title: "Nature"
author: irina
---

A piano sound, a violin one, a person's voice, they are all sounds. The sky, grass, horizon, they are all images (no wonder I appreciate painters so much). Words, kind words, from the bottom of our hearts they make our perception change. We should be greatful for what we have. There can be found at least one choise to be proud of being part of the Universe. "The Earth has music for those who listen"- George Santayana.

We forget how beautiful grass is; the sound of it, its movement, its color. Symphony is a mix of feelings, mind thinking transposed in sounds. I consider grass a symphony. Sometimes I close my eyes and listen to its movement in the wind, it makes me feel refreshed no matter how dissappointed I am.
The fresh color can be distinguished from cement in an instant. "Green is the prime color of the world, and that from which its loveliness arises." Pedro Calderon de la Barca.

Rain, those drops falling so desperately on your face as if a person can't stop crying. It's pure, it's clean and cold, it's noisy. 

You look upon the sky and you take a deep breath. Your mind is still, there is no thinking for a few seconds, it's just you and nature having a very special moment. That moment which will remain forever in your soul and illuminate your heart.

> One touch of nature makes the whole world kin. William Shakespeare

Be kind to nature, it's the only thing we have that knows us from the moment we are born, till the one we die.