---
layout: post
date: 2014-10-19 14:27
title: "Markdawn 2"
author: markdawn
---

In 2013 Markdawn was a complete publishing platform — it had everything. From comment likes to big things like trying to understand how people wrote using statistics and math formulas. It was hard to use, it was even harder to learn. That's the reason it was offline for a period of 3 months. Time in which [Sublevel](http://sublevel.net/) was the perfect thing to focus on.

For networking, shorter messages are the best — they tell the essential without any clutter. Sublevel achieves this without having some character counter, fancy JavaScripts or native apps. It feels really good and it works great on any platform: Ubuntu, elementary OS, Android, Windows 10, OS X Yosemite, iOS… you name it!

While building Sublevel people always asked for the same things over and over again: Markdown syntax support (it can't be done, it's slow to parse hundreds of replies), expanding textarea (it's pretty glitchy), more room for their thoughts and so on. All these things speak for one thing: writing, unlimited writing. This is why Markdawn is great for that.

### What's changed in Markdawn 2?

Markdawn 2 is all about love. Love for writing, love for reading, love for sharing, love for stories, love for having a great time with your thinking. Your love has a great impact on Markdawn. Search is a new feature in Markdawn 2. The results are ranked by the number of people who loved them. 

Markdawn 2 is rebuilt from ground up. It's faster than Sublevel, almost 100ms for each complete request. It doesn't have expansive profiles, avatars, images, etc. — not because it can't be done, but because it doesn't need them. Markdawn 2 uses [Mistune](http://lepture.com/en/2014/markdown-parsers-in-python), one of the fastest Markdown syntax parsers. It uses no media queries for responsive design, this makes it perfect for writing on mobile phones — no UI glitches with good writing experience. 

* Do you want your CV on Markdawn? Write one.
* Do you want a profile on Markdawn? Build one and update it every time you need it.
* Do you want a signature on your articles? Make one and use it only when you need it.
* Do you want replies? Write a new article with hundreds of replies. Make a summary or something else. Be creative in the process.
* Do you want to post pictures? Use a service like Imgur or CloudApp or Dropbox or …you got the point.

You can export your articles in .md format and build a blog using Jekyll or do something else with those files. Markdawn is just a place for writing and sharing, not for posterity. For posterity use the export tool — your content belongs to you after all.